[Music]
how'd it get dimples quickly to make
everyone go oh we all know at least one
person we can't say no to they smile and
our heart just melts they have a special
secret weapon and that weapon is dimples
only 20% of people in the world are
blessed with dimples however if you are
among the 80 percent of those who don't
have them but want to there is a
solution here is a list of easy
exercises to get charming dimples and
the ten hottest celebrities with dimples
lists as a bonus eight pulling the
cheeks in first it is important to
understand what dimples are they are not
just divine marks of loveliness they are
in fact crevices on the cheeks some
muscles deform and stretch in such a way
that they make up this crevice
when a person smiles and pulls those
muscles we can see the dimples we
exercise different muscles at the gym so
why not try and exercise our facial
muscles to get the result we want this
method is easy and here is how it works
you just have to suck your cheeks in for
10 minutes every day it will take time
but if you do it regularly you should
see dimple formations when you smile
after a while 7 using a pen or pencil
back in 1936
Isabella Gilbert from Rochester New York
invented a rather scary looking device
known as the dimpled machine it was
supposed to help people get a fun set of
dimples the idea was not a huge
commercial success people were probably
just too scared of it we are not going
to offer you any terrifying inventions
just use a pen or a pencil instead
it will work best of all if you use a
new unsharpened pencil and because you
most definitely want to dimples use two
pencils or pens simply stick them into
your cheeks where you want the dimples
to be and sting like this for a few
minutes you can repeat this several
times a day it is probably best to do it
at home otherwise you will have too much
to explain to your colleagues and boss
you serious
anyway this simple trick will slowly but
surely get you that dimples you want we
have to warn you the effect won't last
for long
once you see the adorable indentation
show up take that picture you need to
impress everyone with and then repeat
the process to get the dimples back 6
using your index finger while most of us
define dimples as pure cuteness some
scientists call them an irregular
dominate trait what does it mean for a
long time people believe dimples are a
genetic trait so a child born to parents
with dimples will also have them however
today scientists are not too sure about
this according to the american journal
of medical genetics there is no 100%
certainty that people with dimples will
have a dimple baby if you still can't
get over the fact that you are not born
with magical cuteness marks try the
index finger technique press the sides
of your cheeks with your index fingers
find those spots you want to have
dimples in and press your fingers for
around 5 minutes when the time's up let
go and smile widely then repeat this
ritual it is safe to do as much as you
want up to 20 times a day it will do you
no harm
and we'll get you on the dimples trap 5
drawing it with an eyebrow pencil you
might say drawing dimples is too
temporary to even be considered but just
think of it some people are born with
dimples and gradually lose them as they
grow older
so there is a chance even natural
dimples won't last forever if you want
to charm the people around you at a
party for some other important social
event just create the dimples of your
dreams that will last you the evening
pick a dark eyebrow pencil and draw a
crescent moon where you want the
indentation to be one end of it should
point towards the highest point of your
imaginary dimple and the other towards
your cheek carefully shave the lines you
painted for a more natural effect your
cheeks might be pinched a lot that night
so be prepared for smiling widely people
with dimples always have at least one
reason to smile about when they do it
feels like a little kitten has just run
into the room can this trait ever cause
them problems they say every medal has
its reverse and people with dimples are
rarely taken seriously you just want to
smile at them all the time
ironically doing that is another great
way to get dimples for someone belonging
to those 80% of dimples people smile as
broad as you can every day it might feel
weird at the start but you will get used
to it
and it's for the better in many ways as
you start smiling like a Hollywood star
for no reason you will feel happier even
on sad days and your brain will come up
with some actual reasons for you to
smile at the muscles at the corners of
your mouth will be activated as you
smile and will eventually stretch to
form the D things 3 pouting all the way
the most popular Instagram selfie face
turns out to be an excellent dimple
making technique time for some serious
confessions to make click like if you
have taken a pouting selfie at least
once in your life it's okay meanwhile
telling
so pucker your lips and suck your cheeks
in practice the pouting art several
times a day and you will appreciate the
results do you find this technique a bit
childish
well dimples are for those who want to
be forever young anyway have you ever
wondered what makes them so appealing
they remind us of babies and kids and
those are hard not to aw to press and
grin technique as the name of this
technique suggests what you have to do
is press the point where he want the
dimple to be with your finger and grin
yes once again smile as widely as you
can repeat this simple exercise 10 times
a day a grin from ear to ear give it
your best shot try it right now in
addition to the positive effect of
smiling you will also get the dimples
after a while one using a bronzer
finally we are ready to share the
solution for those times when you need
more than regular dimples use a bronzer
to create the red-carpet look dark brown
glimmering eye shadow will also do apply
it using your index finger where you
think the perfect dimples belong smudge
it to not look too fake make sure it
blends with the rest of your makeup
voila you are an adorable star so that
was it for the tricks on how to get
adorable dimples remember none of these
techniques will give you a permanent
result but maybe it is for the better
this way you can get your dimples on
whenever you want or need them now it is
time for the bonus we promised top 10
celebrities with cute dimples
Miranda Kerr what is the secret of this
Victoria's Secret Angel from Australia
we think these cheeks are the answer
Adam Levine his musical talent is
obvious but when he smiles he needs no
lyrics to make our heart sing
Cameron Diaz America's Sweetheart who
needs no introduction
there's something about Cameron and her
dimples they're always there for her
from Charlie's Angels do my best
friend's wedding uh sure uh sure makes
us wanna pinch his cheeks whenever he
smiles Catherine Duchess of Cambridge
what is her talent you might ask well it
takes quite a lot to marry a prince and
be a royal style icon and a great
example of British chic at its best
maybe it was those dimples Prince
William fell in love with Sam Claflin
another gorgeous Brit a true gentleman
we are happy the Hunger Games did not do
any harm to those cheeks with the best
muscle deformity a man could ask for
ariana grande both her voice and her big
heart make ariana and title for millions
of fans worldwide if you know anyone who
wants to be like her you can share the
dimple making techniques with them baby
steps you know Hugh Jackman we loved his
Australian accent and he is super hot as
the Wolverine